[KEP-3973]: docs for DeploymentPodReplacementPolicy (#48370)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment.md

This defaults to 0 (the Pod will be considered available as soon as it is ready). To learn more about when
a Pod is considered ready, see [Container Probes](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes).

> ### Pod Replacement Policy

Author: Wouldn't it be better to keep the name same as the name of the feature/field for a better lookup?

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="DeploymentPodReplacementPolicy" >}}

> {{< note >}}

Reviewer: No need for a note shortcode here.

Author: ok

This feature is disabled by default. You can enable it by setting the `DeploymentPodReplacementPolicy`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
on the [API server](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-apiserver/)

> and on the [Kube Controller Manager](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-controller-manager/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and on the [kube-controller-manager](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-controller-manager/)
```

{{< /note >}}

> Deployment Pods can become terminating due to deletion, usually during the rollout or scaling of a new
> deployment. Some pods may take a long time to terminate and may consume additional resources during this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pods that (indirectly) belong to a Deployment can become terminating due to deletion, usually during
the rollout of a change or an update to the scale of an existing Deployment.
After a change to a Deployment, some pods may take a long time to terminate and may consume
additional resources during that period of
```

Author: - I think using `(indirectly)` is a bit confusing. The relationship is quite direct via the owner references.
- `rollout of a change` is also a bit confusing as it is possible to do a rollout without any change: `kubectl rollout restart`

time. As a result, the total number of all pods can temporarily exceed `.spec.replicas`

> (or `.spec.replicas + .spec.strategy.rollingUpdate.maxSurge` for RollingUpdate Deployments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(or `.spec.replicas` + `.spec.strategy.rollingUpdate.maxSurge` for RollingUpdate Deployments).
```

> A `.spec.podReplacementPolicy` field can be used to control when a Deployment should create new pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing this feature is enabled in your cluster, you can specify a `.spec.podReplacementPolicy`
to control when a Deployment should create new pods. The field affects the behavior of the
Deployment during scaling operations and when rolling out updates.
```

Author: - Do we have to mention the enablement the 2nd time? I would think it is implied for the rest of the section.
- Same question about the last part. Should we mention it again? We also have it at the end.

Policies:

`TerminationStarted`
: This policy creates replacement Pods when the old Pods start terminating (has a
`.metadata.deletionTimestamp`). The total number of Deployment Pods can be greater than specified by the
Deployment's `.spec.replicas` and the DeploymentStrategy. It can increase the speed of rollouts, but it will
result in a temporarily higher resource consumption.

`TerminationComplete`
: This policy creates replacement Pods only when the old Pods are fully terminated (reach `Succeeded` or
`Failed` phase). The old Pods are subsequently removed. The total number of the Deployment Pods is limited by
the Deployment's `.spec.replicas` and the DeploymentStrategy. It can slow down the speed of rollouts, but
prevents spikes in resource consumption.

> The default behavior when the policy is not specified depends on the DeploymentStrategy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify a pod replacement policy, the behavior of that Deployment depends on
the Deployment's rollout strategy:
```

* Recreate strategy uses `TerminationComplete` behavior when recreating the deployment,
  but uses `TerminationStarted` when scaling the deployment.
* RollingUpdate strategy uses `TerminationStarted` behavior for both rolling out and
  scaling the deployments.

> {{< note >}}
> If you manually delete a Pod, the lifecycle is controlled by the ReplicaSet and the replacement will be created
> immediately (even if the old Pod is still in a Terminating state). The Pod Replacement Policies control only
> Deployment rollouts and scaling.
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: Avoid using too many note shortcodes. Try this instead:
```suggestion
If you manually delete a Pod, the lifecycle of that Pod and its replacement is controlled by the associated ReplicaSet; a replacement will be created immediately. When you delete a Pod manually, and the deleted
Pod was owned by a ReplicaSet, the ReplicaSet creates a new Pod as soon as you trigger deletion (even if the old Pod is still in a Terminating state).
Setting a pod replacement policy for a Deployment only has an effect on:

1. rollouts for changes to a Deployment
2. changes to the scale of that Deployment
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions. As mentioned in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/48370#discussion_r1804830025, I think it is better to just say rollouts. I have also removed the list at the end to keep it more compact and highlight the policies above.
